what we've done so far our work just
fine we're going to go a little further
so to be the best programs we can be
we're not only going to specify that a
list is a list 61b we're also going to
mark every single method that came from
less 61 p with a special override
annotation so what I mean by that what
we look at all these methods some of
them came from list 61 be like add
laughs I'm going to put your override
with an apt symbol that's going to go
through for every one of these and just
write override okay now this doesn't
actually change what happens when my
code runs it doesn't make it faster but
it will have one tiny effects that we'll
see in a moment so it's going to do it
real quick and that's that so now we
marked all the methods with override and
while that's not strictly speaking
necessary we're going to require you to
do this in 61 be so if a subclass let me
just tell you what override means like
at first if a subclass has the same
night the same signature as a method in
the superclass we're going to say the
subclass method overrides the method so
in other words on the Left we have over
writing here's the animal interface and
as a make noise methods and what do pigs
do well one of the things they can do is
make noise so this override field other
for me above method so then the exact
same signature thus it is overriding
what the override tag does is it acts as
a reminder that we're overriding so it's
a signal to programmers this is an
override and even if you don't do over
I'd you're still overriding it so this
doesn't mean please override the method
and you can think of it it's just I like
by the way this is overriding so the
subtle distinction this is in contrast
by the way to the notion of overloading
so overloading before was where we have
two methods with the same name but a
different signature so a dog might have
a different way that it barks at dogs
vs. the way that it barks at cats so
it's a tiny difference but an important
one so it's overloading we don't have a
special overload tag but with overriding
we do and the reason is that in this
case they're going to be in two
different file so it's nice to make a
note here that this is actually
overriding so and a better interface
site a better implementation of this
shouldn't be a class we've got to fix it
you can't let this aggression stand okay
you know why not fix the slide while
recording you know let's not
ok so again override it is not strictly
speaking necessary it is largely a
reminder to a programmer that the method
ultimately came from someone else now
actually another reason a practical
reason which is protects against tight
boats by the way so if I'm overriding a
method and I accidentally do something
like let's say add first or whatever
then my program will compile and I'll
get an error saying you claim to be
overriding you said this came from the
boss but it doesn't actually override
something from a superclass so that's a
nice thing to give the compiler and
extra thing to check